CHAOS-5040 Release notes 1.35.0 (#6285)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/chaos-engineering.md

## April 2024

### Version 1.35.0

#### New features and enhancements

* The node drain chaos experiment now supports selecting multiple target nodes in sequence(serial or parallel). (CHAOS-2187)

#### Fixed issues

* Linux command probes in "source" mode was failing due to a module mismatch. This is fixed now. (CHAOS-4952)

* Fixed the issue of user receiving duplicate notification after sending an event data. (CHAOS-4942)

* Resilience probe run were being filtered on incorrect runs. This is fixed now. (CHAOS-4912)

> * If syntax errors were identified in a manifest after uploading it, user had to refresh the page and re-upload the YAML. It is fixed now, such that the user can edit the YAML without refreshing it. (CHAOS-4905)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If syntax errors were identified in a manifest after uploading it, user had to refresh the page and re-upload the YAML.  This is fixed now, and users can edit the YAML without refreshing it. (CHAOS-4905)
```
